[Autogenerated] I'm very happy to be the demo because now I can get rid
of the poor man's migration components that I have so far and create a
proper solution in his demo will be implementing that immigration's in
spring applications using mongo,
Be well configuring will be and they will implement migration using change
logs and Jane sets before we can start using my Uncle B.
We need Toe added as a dependency.
I opened the bomb that XML file and here we need to
add in the Mongol be dependency.
I'm going to use these snippets and have the Mongol be dependency in place.
The group parties calm that kid have them will be and the artifact is Mongol.
Be as of today, the current version 0 13 But it's can change in the future.
Now we can define the Mongol be being I'm going to define the being
and the Airport Management Application Class,
which is the main entry point into a speedboat application.
The big definition is participle to create a new method which returns an
instance of Mongo B and we annotated with Al Bean.
We grabbed two configuration items from the Application Properties file,
the Mongol, you are I and the migrations are enabled global.
Then we create a new Mongol.
Be runner by passing in the Mongol your eye and we go
ahead to configure our Mongol be business.
We use the setting able method to define if the runner should be enabled or not.
Then we set the change Log scan package,
toe parasite, airport management,
The bee that migrations All off archangel files are
going to be defined in that package.
In fact, it's a good practice to group your migration files in a single place.
Then we're setting the cheese log collection, name and lock collection names.
Now we're passing in the Mongol template.
We want to be able to use mobile template inside the chain,
said methods, So we have to set it here globally.
Were you returned Runner and we're done.
It's worth mentioning that you can declare these mongo be being
in any class annotated with ad configuration.
I'm going to create our first log under the migrations package.
We're creating a class called Debbie Change log 001
and we have the earth changed.
Look, annotation because I want to see data in this class.
The order has to be 001 I want this change.
Look to be the 1st 1 that gets executed,
and then let's go ahead with the implementation.
The implementation should be very familiar.
The first, Chin said, is going to see all the airports.
Note the chain, said annotation.
It's the first thing you said, because it has order equal to 001 It has an I.
D.
C.
The airport, and he has me as an author.
The method itself creates a couple of airports and then
uses the Mongol template to instead, Um,
remember, we can use the Mongol template is had the chain said,
because you defined it globally in the being.
After that, we can also see the flights.
You're creating some flights and they were using the
insert old method on the model template,
and that's it.
Let's go ahead and run this application and again see
my gracious have been executed.
Also get all the flight information in our collection Awesome.
Let's assume that the name of an existing airport like
room is going to change in the future.
For that, we can create a new migration.
Barry's in jeans logs.
We define a new class.
Call it d be changed.
Logs original, too.
We add the actual ____ annotation with the order 002 so it's
going to get executed after the initial sitting.
The implementation should also feel familiar.
We have a new method called Update from Airport.
We're passing in the mongo template.
Everything that at Chain said annotation, is the first set of reaching block.
We're grabbing the Rome airport,
and we're updating the name using the set name method.
They were saving it.
And thats on migration.
Let's for the application again and see if the migration is correctly applied.
And here in the logs,
we can see that only the change log 002 and Jane said Sierra 01 have
bean applied the Rome airport as the new name updated,
which is great.
So Mongol be automatically executed.
Only the needed change logs.
In fact, let's go ahead and look at the data base structure.
I fired up Mongol to be compass,
and we have the Airport Management M seven collection,
and we have airports and flights which are the usual collections.
And then we have two additional collections called
migrations and migrations lock.
These collections are used by Manco.
Be internally.
Remember that We did find them when we created the Mongol.
Be meat.
If you open the migrations collection,
we can see all the migrations that have been executed against this database.
The airport seed, the flight seed and the average Rome airport.
This is how mongo be keeps track internally of the
migrations that have been applied.
You can consider this. Ah, migration put it.